So let's have a look at the AWS Snow family.
So we're going to order a Snow family device,
or at least go through the process of ordering one
to see what are the options.
So first we have a job name.
So this is my import job, and then you choose a job title.
So do you want to import into Amazon S3.
It's going to be a very good use case.
So Amazon will ship a Snowball device to you
and then you send it back to AWS.
Or do you want to export,
in which case you export data from Amazon S3
and it gets loaded into the Snowball device
and then you receive it.
Or if you want to just do edge computing,
you do local compute and storage only.
So let's do import from Amazon S3.
And then we have Snow devices, so we can choose two of them.
We can choose this one, the Snowball Edge Storage
optimized with 210 terabytes,
or the compute optimized device.
Obviously over time, some of these devices may change,
but don't worry.
I just wanna show the idea behind Snow family,
so don't worry.
As you can see,
a lot of devices previously have been discontinued.
So these are the two options I have right now,
but from an exam perspective,
this should be more than enough for you to know.
Alright, so next, you choose the pricing option.
So on-demand per day pricing,
the storage transfer, so S3 data transfer,
and then the buckets
that you want to transfer data back into,
for example, this one.
And then no features and options, and then security.
So how do you encrypt your data?
How do you access service types?
So you need to choose a service role.
And this service role will have access to Amazon S3
to allow to create this ServiceLink role
and make sure that our Snow device
has the right to write to our S3 buckets.
And then the shipping address,
so where you want the snow device to be shipped to,
because you're going to receive it,
and then the shipping speed
is a one-day shipping or two day shipping,
and then notifications to see your job status.
And then when you're done,
you have the job summary, and that's it.
You will receive a Snowball Edge device
and you have to load your data onto it
and then send it back to AWS
thanks to the shipping label that's included.
And that's it.
You've seen how the Snow family works.
Obviously we're not going to order one,
because that would be way too complicated,
but I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.